(cheerful music)
- [Teacher] So now it's time
for my solution to this exercise.
So, the first things that I did
was I went into source main Java into our base package,
and then the data package within there.
And I created four classes.
Well, technically two interfaces and two classes.
The first class is my guest at Java.
I put in all of the values that we needed,
as well as the two string method,
getters and setters for everything.
I then created the reservation at Java,
and very much the same thing,
I created the entity and the table and the columns
for all of our fields.
And then I did a two string on that.
Now for guests repository, I extended JPA repository,
very similar to the crowd repository we used before.
I only did this so that we could show
that there are various implementations
of the repository itself.
And for the purposes of this course,
either one of them would do just fine.
Now in the reservation repository, when I created that,
I, again, extended JPA repository,
but I also created a method that returns an
enterable reservation.
You'll notice the name, find reservation by reservation date
and the find reservation by reservation date
is the consistent way that you would write a name
to do a select star from reservation
where reservation date equals some value.
And you'll notice that I brought in java.cql.Date
as an import, and that's because we're working with SQLs.
So I need a SQL date.
So we're probably going to need to convert that later on
in the course from a Java.udl date into a SQL date,
and then back the other way.
But for now, that's what I did to the actual core classes.
Now, just to show that this is working,
I went into the app startup event,
and I injected a guest repository
and a reservation repository into our event.
And then on application event method,
you'll see that much like I did with rooms,
I now spit out all of the guests,
and then all of the reservations.
So now we'll start up our application,
and we will expand out our console.
And you'll see that once again,
I've returned to the embedded database
because our script utils are running.
And then after the application starts,
I spit out all of the rooms.
I'm also spitting out all of the guests,
and then at the very end, our loan reservation.
Take note of that date because we are going to need that
later on in the course.
But for now, you can see that we've used our database.
We've built a couple repositories on our own,
as well as the one that we did together.
And we've got proof now that the database itself is working
and our repositories are working.
Now in the real world,
we'd probably do this with some tests,
but for the purposes of this course right now,
this is good enough before we jump into our next chapter
on dependency injection.